8 o'clock already I was just in the middle of a dream
Harmontown is now in session, let me hear all my harmonians scream
Oh shit! It's Monday nights, we're at the Meltdown Theater in Hollywood, California
Harmontown is once again in session, you lucky devils
Won't you please walk into the stage of the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon
Thank you, Jeff. Jeff Davis, your Comptroller. That's an interesting choice, sir
Opening music, we referenced it inadvertently last week, do you remember?
I don't.
Oh no, DC Pearson's episode, when he was a guest, I said, God damn it, I don't know, somebody I told them I was lost in their eyes and was kissing them by a crystal blue Italian stream
I was driving here in my car and I had my whole iPod on shuffle and that came up and I was like, I've never started the show with Manic Monday
Manic Monday, yeah
The podcast probably airs around Thursday, but for these people here tonight, it's another hopefully Manic Monday, they need a little mania to keep them awake because tomorrow is Tuesday and they've got shit to do
But you're shit out of luck because I just got over a three or four day cold, I don't know if you can hear my David Duchovny, Willie Nelson congestion
But yeah, I've been sitting in bed watching Gene Hackman movies for four days by a crystal blue Italian stream
Only Gene Hackman? Well, I went on a little Gene Hackman bender, I watched Night Moves, I've never seen Night Moves, it was nice, this is a scene where he's laying face down
This could only happen in the 70s, it just cuts to Gene Hackman naked, just finished bone in his ex-wife and he's laying face down and there's a fondue pot in front of him and he's naked and he's got his foot on her tit
Sorry, let me explain, she's sitting against the headboard like sitting up in bed and Gene Hackman is laying face down
And there's a fondue at the foot of the bed, so there's a pot in front of the camera
That sounds like a real hazard
If this was in 3D, the first thing in front of your face that you would reach out in touch would be a fondue pot
The second thing would be Gene Hackman, the third thing would be his foot and the fourth thing right under that would be this woman's tit
And he's just got a big smile on his face and he's solving a murder case
My parents had a lot of sexy 70s, early 80s fondue parties, was this hot oil and meat or was this cheese?
I was dying to know whether it was chocolate or cheese
The whole scene, you could tell that it was a situation where the actor just asked for some business
I have a feeling the fondue pot was requested by the actor
And I have a feeling it was empty and I think he just sat there and played with something on a stick and then played with her tit with his foot
You almost destroyed the vodka
It's another manic Monday, whatever
We got off to a slow start and we're going to have a slow middle and then we're going to end the show very slowly
Maybe we should start off with a bang then
Because I kind of can't, I have that congestion where you can't, I don't even know if anyone can hear me
You know what I mean?
This sounds, this will make people angry
Imagine what it's like to be deaf
No, probably not, I don't think
But I mean as close as I can get
You're kind of talking out into nothingness
And that's good, they brought the lights up more to compensate for my lack of other senses
I'm like daredevil
It should be the other way around
Your lack of hearing should heighten your vision right now
Everything should be the other way around
Jeff, which is a segue into a favorite segment called Things Dan Harmon Has to Complain About
That he's afraid to complain about because it'll make him sound like a bad person
Thank you
I have 5,000 Facebook friends, which makes my calendar very unmanageable
There's a lot of settings that I don't understand
My Google Calendar and my Facebook are somehow interwoven
And I'm 40 and I'm not going to put the time into figuring it out anymore
So I just have this calendar, I just go, do I have anything going on today?
And the answer is always yes, it'll just say
Ah, Chip and Simmons' dating hour, is it UCB?
What?
Oh, it's Maggie Molina's birthday, what?
I don't, that's my complaint, 5,000
I'm trying to punctuate this as best I can, man
I'm trying to show biz up this bit a little bit
There's gotta be some checkbook, checkbox, there's gotta be some checkbook
I can make a check out to Facebook
There's gotta be a checkbox somewhere where it says, like, yeah, sure
Every time someone has an improv show that is on my Facebook thing
I don't want that on my Google Calendar
I just, I feel so fucking old, and I'm not complaining about that
It's just amazing, I've said this before, I remember my grandpa before
After he killed the Japanese for our country
And after he drove a truck, and after he blew up in an oil tank
And after he did a million amazing things
Right before he died of emphysema, he was the treasurer for his Freemason club
And he had a little, little Mac, a little tiny Mac
And he was just, like, using his little skin grafted hand to, like, learn, like, quicken
And he would get so frustrated with the goddamn fucking computer
Goddammit, Danny, can you tell me how the goddamn spreadsheet works?
And I would go, I actually, I don't, I'm not sure, well, go up to think
But I remember thinking to my head, like, ah, grandpa, come on, don't try to use a computer
And I'm not, I'm not that much, like, it's, it's, it's, you can, technology's moving faster now
So I'm pretty much, I think I'm exactly where my grandpa was right before he died
In terms of, like, understanding goddamn computers
It's not exciting to talk about
Was that one of them?
No, no, that's something I'm allowed to, not allowed to complain about
Because it'll make people think I'm boring
Sorry
Alright, there's only one more item in this segment
Uh, uh, the, uh, professional puppy, uh, uh, that, that I'm, uh, breeding
Through a professional puppy breeder
You're breeding a professional puppy?
Yeah
It's, it's gonna pull down 20k a year
Uh, just licking its balls
What, what, oh yeah, so you say, what line of work is this puppy gonna go into?
Hanging out
Uh, now it's, uh, we went, we went through a breeder
This is why I'm not allowed to complain about it
Because you're supposed to rescue your pets
And I don't want to talk about it
But, uh, it's for my cat
My aides having cat, that, that, that is a rescue cat
Just because your cat has aides doesn't make you buying a purebred dog, you know
Any cooler
No, it doesn't make it cooler, but it makes it permissible
Because I can't bring a three-legged, one-eyed, fucked-up Ukrainian dog into the house
With, with my aides cat hanging out
Whose, whose immune system, which is linked to stress and territory
Cats are territorial
She's, she's, she, I don't know how much longer she has to live
I know it's her house, it's her rules, I love her
She was there first, she's a rescue cat
I'm not gonna bring some maniac into the house
Dogs are all maniacs
Well, not little pity puppies that come in a little pity puppy box
That, that
If she
Puppies don't come in a box, damn
If she's there when the box is open, if she comes swatted on the head and assert dominance
It's the safest route to go, okay
And I'm not gonna go to a weird, one of those weird Korea town puppy stores
Where the puppies are in the fish tank or whatever
I went through a respectable breeder who's breeding a healthy, a healthy hybrid
When is, when is a dog gonna come in?
When does the box arrive?
A couple, a couple months now, there's the different stages
They were just born, the mother just gave birth to 13 puppies
13 puppy litter
That's bad luck, you know
Bad luck for the 13th puppy, yeah
Cause there's only 12 nipples
Look it up
It's probably like six
But, but, but the dog nipples are dichotomous
They have two openings on them
So for a maximum of 12 dogs
That's also not true
I'm assuming they would tell us in the email
They send us ultrasounds, like we could see little dog skeletons in the larger dog skeleton
And then they, I'm assuming they would tell us
A lot of times, especially with a larger litter, there's some tragedies
You know, with cats and dogs
There's a stillborn
Yeah, I'm assuming they would tell us
So 13 newborn puppies without a single tragedy is really, that's a lucky dog
What sort of dog are you getting?
It's a half golden retriever, half poodle
And what do you call it?
A retriever maximus
Golden doodle
You don't have to call it that
Have you got a name for it?
No, no, we're gonna let that happen organically
As organic as ordering a dog, huh?
Are you getting lots of shit from people for not rescuing a dog?
No, no, just a couple people initially
But now I've learned to walk around with a giant asterisk
And cut everyone off at the pass
And be a big, you know, bore people with
Before you say anything
My cat has AIDS
Yeah, exactly
By the way, my cat, I don't know if...
My cat has no name, my cat's name is Fivian, F-I-V
Because when we rescued my cat
We were told, the vet said, it has F-I-V
What's that? It's like HIV, but for cats
Oh, shit, we rescued a cat that's like
We're gonna just spend the last act of a Julia Roberts movie with this thing
Let's not name it
Like, let's let it, let's just love it
And let it live its wildlife
You know, and we'll feed it
And we'll let it kind of shuffle off to Buffalo
And Buffalo is where I believe you go when you die
So where you get your wings
And so it's like 13 years later or something
And the cat's name is Fiv, F-I-V
It happens, it never happens with human beings, but it happens
Speaking of death, let's keep the theme of death going
I want to bring up a special friend
Who comes here very often, who's very interesting
And we should have often talked to him
And I just, shit, we got a lot of people that fit that category
I just realized I perked up like six people
I want to bring up Brian W. Collins
Is he here? Brian, are you here? No
Okay, that's good actually
Okay, you know why? Because we have a replacement form
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Doug Benson, everybody, welcome Doug Benson
Sure, yeah
Hey, everybody
What were you going to talk to him about?
I'll just talk about that with you
Can you pretend you just ended your blot
Where you watch a horror movie a day?
Oh, it was tough to get through, but I did it, Dan
And I'm happy to be here and talk about it
But you actually, that's not even that ironic
Because you do Doug loves movies
I do love movies
You're a guy who can talk to you about movies
Sure
I just saw Wreck-It Ralph, have you seen that?
Yeah
Did you?
You guys heard of this thing?
Yeah, I love it, I love it
I saw it last November when it came out
And everybody, I really ate it up
My podcast is called Dan likes movies, kind of
Dan gets around to movies
Dan likes some of his screeners
Dan has Netflix
Dan gets sick every once a year
It got me, man, I was bawling like a maniac
Oh, you watched it during the, you took a break from Gene Hackman to watch Wreck-It Ralph?
I just watched it today with my girlfriend, yeah
It killed me, God, it got me good
What do you think Gene Hackman looks like?
Just not to change the subject on you
What do you think he looks like right now?
When was Welcome to Mooseport?
Which should not be his last movie, first of all
That was Ray Romano, right?
Yeah
I didn't see that, I didn't see him in the trailer, so I don't even have that
He did Ten and Bombs, which is not only a great movie, but his performance is amazing
And then, Welcome to Mooseport, was this Swan Song?
Do you think he's on Hard Health or something?
I just think he, well, is he shattering?
To completely stop acting, and he doesn't even do voiceovers for Lowe's or whatever it was he was doing
Oh, yeah
So I think he's like, remember when Henry Fonda showed up and on Golden Pond, and it was like
Holy fuck, what happened to him?
Because he didn't do a movie for 10 years, and then he showed up crazy old?
When's Gene Hackman gonna do that?
Yeah
Is my question
Well, it seems like he's been doing that since the 70s
I mean, he's sort of like the Betty White of men
In the 70s, which was cool, like I was showing my girlfriend, like we went on this kick of like
Let's watch 70s movies, because she's 29, 28?
Aaron, what did you just turn?
Hi, Aaron
I thought you said bye, Aaron, because it was like, yeah
See ya
What color are your eyes?
Get out of here, Joggin
I was explaining to her like, man, look at Donald Sutherland, look at him
Look at Donald Sutherland, he was a leading man, he was a sex symbol in the 70s
That's how few people on the planet there were
It was just an amazing time
He and Elliot Gould, you're the top two movie stars
And who else? Who else?
Alan Arkin
Like, yeah, god damn it, well there was somebody who was in a Raymond Chandler like thing
Was it Elliot Gould? Yeah, I think it was Elliot Gould, it was like The Long Goodnight or something
Yeah, yeah
God damn it, long goodbye
It was The Long Something
And there was, god, it was like guys like your dad, there was like guys with beards and checkered shirts
And I longed for those days
Like to, well you're bringing it back
Like to go back to the, make a brief stop in the 80s and be a rap sensation by rhyming me with free
And saying ha ha ha ha ha for the rest of the lyrics
But then straight back to the 70s where I would be a sex symbol
Just for a little bit, like a horror movie, I'd be like that lumberjack that came by
I was like, what's going on, what's the problem?
The mercury poisoning is making bears bigger, I'll check it out
But first I'm gonna fuck her and her
Then I'm gonna wrestle that bear
So I watched one horror movie a day, is that what I did?
Yeah, yeah, you did
And then I wrote a blog about it
Your name's Brian W. Collins, I think your blog is probably called horrormovieaday.com
I'm gonna assume, does anyone know that that's true?
Yeah
That's Brian Collins' lawyer
And does he love all of them? Or is he critical of them?
I think it's safe to say he's a huge fan of the genre in general to the point where he's willing to tolerate warts and all
That he recognizes good ones and bad ones
There's a lot of warts in that genre
Doug, what is your movie schedule? Like how do you intake that many movies?
Are you always in the theaters?
No, I just have them implanted in my brain
Yeah, right now I'm watching Brave
Oh, I cried finally getting around to that
When the bear eats the salmon, fuck it, it got me
It was a goodie
There's a scene in a restaurant? No
The bear orders sushi
The mom and brave turns into a bear and then she has to learn how to eat salmon
But she's not a bear, she's a woman, she's a queen
And then the daughter has to teach her how to fish
I cried, I'm an idiot
That movie was not sold as a movie about bears
It was supposed to be about a young girl who's good at archery
I liked it though because it was only about women
There was no damsel in distress, no knight in shining armor bullshit
It was really just about female characters
A guy didn't come in and save the day for once
I kind of liked that
And she didn't shave off all of her hair like Felicity
She kept that beautiful mane
Did Felicity do that to make a point that I'm bigger than my hair?
Yeah, I think the idea was it was such a big move for Felicity to shave it off
And then the ratings dropped
You think about her, you think about her hair, it's true
That hair was important
But she doesn't have that hair on the Americans
Have you seen the Americans?
No, no
She has a sex show where she's like a Soviet spy pretending to be American
And she has short hair?
Not short hair, but she doesn't have the curls
She has Russian hair
And her name's not Felicity, right?
No
She eliminated everything, she got the whack-a-mole game right
She knows that she's a good person
She did it
Whack-a-mole?
Yeah, like...
I'm assuming that she eliminates her hair
She's like, God damn it, it's just my hair
She's in the shopping aisle and she sees Us Magazine
And it says, like, best hair ever, Felicity
And she's like, fuck this, I'm cutting off my hair
And then she cuts it off, and they're like
Hey, good job acting
Where'd your hair go?
And then she gets a different job, but maybe the character's name is Felicity
I was thinking maybe it was hard for her to nail down all the variables
That she's in a quest to figure out that she's a good person
I guess I can't back that up
Alright
I like it
And back to Wreck-it Ralph
Yeah
Good movie
You enjoyed it?
I did
I found it not only touching in that kind of cloying way
That most of those movies, you can kind of count on being touched now
Like, it's sort of like being Catholic
Hello, next in the way that you use it
You can kind of...
I mean, to the point where it can actually make you well up
And you're kind of like, now we take that for granted
I'm like, I'm going to Pixar to hear her coming down
It's just, you know, that guy is like such good animation
I can tell how alone he is
But it's like, it's another thing to have that
And then also, like, it's kind of profound
Like, I thought, like, there's, I don't know
There's a social subversiveness to it
All that filtered through, it's a movie for kids
But I was watching it going like
I can't really nail them down on any bad messaging for anybody in particular
They really had to thread a needle because there's a, you know
There's a character in the movie that's like congenitally afflicted
And it's like, oh, you're special, you're not special
And I was like, how are they going to land this?
Are they going to, is the moral going to be that she needs to not be afflicted?
Or is the moral going to be that her affliction is a gift?
Because it's hard to get through those highway cones these days
And I thought they got through them as well as you possibly could
What was the moral, eventually? I forgot
It was like, there's evil people in the world that made you afflicted
But your affliction is a matter of perception
So as soon as you just participate with your affliction
You stop being afflicted
So it's really just a matter of
So it's kind of like Thalidomide babies
Yeah, just, if you're a Thalidomide baby, host a talk show
That's the message, like get out there
Get out there on a dancing show or something
Yeah, just do it, yeah
Just get out there, get in their face
Dancing with the Thalidomide stars
Yeah, and then people
I love the groans, like is Thalidomide babies even a thing anymore?
To be upset about?
It's like people being upset for Dracula
Captain's hat is confused
That's your friend Adam Goldberg
Hi Adam
Adam Goldberg has affected a skipper hat
We'll see you on the Lido deck after the show
Adam Goldberg has retired from being a Harmontown character by his own account
He's now going to sit in the audience and slowly become Captain Crunch
Like he's going to put more epaulets and metals on
He's going to have a parrot in his shoulder going
Not in the show, rot, rot!
And he's going to tear up the roof of our mouths
As Captain Crunch is known to do
You're supposed to put milk in there Doug
You're supposed to put milk in there
You've got to get them so soggy before they'll tear up your mouth
Something in there that's slow, I think it's just like peeling, it's like chemical peel
Milk or not
Yeah, that's why I'll have the Crunch Berries because they're a goddamn relief
Next to the Crunch itself
They had a cereal cup, for a brief period they had ET cereal
And it was because there were Reese's Pieces in the movie
That was peanut butter chocolate cereal in the shapes of little E's and T's
Because I assumed that they couldn't make them the shape of a bike or something
And it was so fucking good
And then it was like gone off the shelves immediately
And I know it wasn't because they weren't delicious
And I know it wasn't because they weren't selling
So it must be because they gave me cancer
I'm waiting to find out that ET cereal gave me cancer
Oris Spielberg came down on it for some reason
Would you think they tried to do it on the slide?
Nice try
ET and it says, extra tasty
Vitamin E and thiamine
Phone a bowl of delicious
And it's just like, they got a kid on the box that's like a burn victim
That's like, yeah
Yeah, you're right, burn victims are funny
So what am I, baby?
No, burn victim, yes
We're going to find, we're going to find, we're whack-a-mole in the audience
And it says whack-a-mole, whack-a-mole, what the fuck?
I'm calling you out
What does that mean?
Sorry, sorry, sorry
Have you tried Lincoln O's? Those are pretty good
Lincoln, Lincoln O's
Lincoln O's?
Yeah, it's a new cereal
Yeah
Yeah, it tastes like freedom
Freedom
And raspberry
Wait, is this a real thing or is this a hustler cartoon?
Is it a real thing?
Lincoln O's
Well, yeah
Lincoln Logs, I guess would be a good breakfast drink
You guys remember Hogan's Heroes, right?
This world has insane things in it
It does, it does have the craziest things
It's sitcom about a concentration camp
That's the best
Alright, well, that was based off of the Billy Wilder film, right?
Stalard 17, it was it?
What was?
Hogan's Heroes
Wasn't it kind of based on the success of that film?
Yeah, it's like, let's take the funny parts of that movie
about the guys in a concentration camp
Right
And then make it a weekly series
Exactly
Where the Germans are done
I remember like, you know, I was pretty young
when I first started watching MASH
I was like, MASH, that's a...
The Korean War was really ugly
and it's a hospital, that must have been a good pitch
It's such a weird thing
And then you watch the MASH movie
and it's like a Robert Altman film
and it's like this weird meandering thing
about the Korean War
Doesn't it end pretty much with a football game?
Yeah
It ends the way a lot of ski movies end
in the 80s
But you assume, because it's Robert Altman
and the Korean War, that that means something
and you go like, fuck it, I'll vote for someone else then
What happened to ski movies?
Ski movies were a thing for a while
We accomplished it
Adam Goldbrick
I was about to make a scheme to be last week, so...
Shut up
Perfect
You were about to make one, but you had the wrong hat on
You were like, I'll get a ski hat and we'll talk
You were about to make a ski movie?
Yeah, for sci-fi
For real?
Yeah, I told you about it, I was really...
I wasn't listening
Do the listeners love it when he talks a lot off mic like that?
Well, not off mic
Some of them like it when he talks on mic
Some of them don't, it's like a whole thing
But can they hear him when he was just saying it?
No, they can't hear him really
And you don't bother to repeat it?
Sometimes they do
I mean, you're an old pro, I can sense
He's like, eh, don't worry about it
Sometimes the mics pick it up, I don't know
I kind of like, I let God decide
You were God
I am God, I let me decide
So it depends on how much I've been drinking
Doug, I'm sorry, I'm not audio running my show
Like a steel trap
Hey, it was just a question
I know you have a lot of moles to whack
He's a mixed bag, if you open this box, here, watch
Is that what his profile says on Twitter, mixed bag?
Oh, here we go
A microphone is dangerously being extended towards Adam right now
Oh, he's pulling it out of the stand
Because he likes to hold on to it
Because he's a pro
Yep
Oh, now what's supposed to happen?
Now the host of this show has no microphone
No microphone
It's the danger zone
No, last week I was hired on to production-manage a ski movie
Called Avalanche Sharks
Sweared hand to the Lord
And it was renamed Avalanche Shark
Then Avalanche Sharks
Because they couldn't determine how many puppet sharks
Should be furnished for the script
This was a huge source of contention
So they're still making ski movies, but they keep
Killing all the actors with the puppets
So this is a movie about people skiing
And then there's an Avalanche
But inside the Avalanche there are sharks
Or the Avalanche was caused by sharks
I couldn't get through all the way through the script
I was supposed to be working on
Yeah, that's about it
Now he's gonna get the microphone back
Microphone is going back in the stand
Good call, Dan
There you go
Adam Goldberg, everyone
Thank you, Adam
Worth a try
That does bring up an interesting point
As a fan of movies
And probably a fan of crappy movies
And talking about them
What's your take on the sci-fi original movement
Of like, Mansquito and Gator Bader
You know, human dental floss
And things that you're like 10, 15 years ago
If you saw these titles you'd go, holy shit
You know, you seem like you might be around my age
Like the greatest thing used to be to get high
And go to the actual video store
And walk up and down aisles
And look at pictures and read backs of boxes
And go to sci-fi kickboxing sections
And go like, holy shit
These people are trying as hard as they can
To make a good movie
This is their citizen Kane
Let's watch the result
And now in this post-Piranha 3D post-Mansquito world
It's like, no, it's supposed to be funny
Opto-Hirana Teradana
Piranha Shark Gator
It's hilarious, Debbie Gibson's in it
It's funny
And I'm kind of like, fuck you if you think it's funny
Fuck you, try hard so I can laugh at you
Without video stores, where do we go now?
I don't have one
But where do you go to argue with your girlfriend?
To really find out
Where do you go to have a horrible relationship?
Yeah, it's like, you really want me to walk down this aisle?
Yeah, the Tom Hanks Meg Ryan aisle
Before the actual aisle
Dan, can we hear your pitch on him in dental floss?
It's a guy who works for the American Medical Association
And he stops by the American Dental Association
To tell them that they should be working together
Because dentists aren't paying attention to medicine
They're focused on the teeth
And he's a doctor
And so he's like, what are you guys doing here?
And they're like, pretty soon the whole world's going to be teeth, right?
And then he...
And we've got a virtual chamber to show you that
And it's like a tooth chamber
And he gets locked in it
And then they maximize the calcium rays
And he ends up between the teeth
But because of his medical knowledge
He's able to keep himself alive
As his body is compressed by the teeth
So he becomes effectively human dental floss
By page 20
And then he goes out in the streets
And he finds that he's able
There's a lot of heavy-handed metaphors about cleaning
The streets, you know
This place is needed, you know
A lot of...it's got gum disease
What...its gunners are bleeding
It's a sign that it needs to brush harder
It's dumb, it's a dumb movie
It has Richard Marx's in it
It's very...it's purposely campy
It's stupid
It's one of those, yeah
Yeah, it's a fucking...it's a one million dollar sci-fi original
And it's like, oh, I'm supposed to show up
To watch you fuck around?
I wanted to fuck around with my friends
And some cheesy popcorn
Yeah, I'm not a fan...
I'm not into that they're making movies
That are shit intentionally
They're just shoving things together
And calling it a movie
I don't...I don't seek that out
There's plenty of movies that try to be great
And are awful
Yeah, and that's what's funny
That I like to watch
That's why we have the Olympics
And we don't have like shitty Olympics
It's called Special Olympics
But close enough
But those people try even harder
They still brought to you by...it's a little mild
Special Olympians try as hard as real Olympians
They're just special when they're trying
Again, that's the whole point
They probably try harder
And then don't murder their girlfriend
Through a bathroom door
That's a reference I will pretend to get
Because I'm sure it's going to be a shame
That I don't get the right...
But that combines...there was a guy
Oscar Petraeus?
Oh, he doesn't sound evil
You really don't know the story of Oscar Petraeus?
Dr. Petraeus?
From beyond?
Pretend this is not real
Pretend that this is an idea I'm pitching to you
To make a movie
Okay, I work at Sci-Fi
There is a guy that ran in the regular Olympics
The last Olympics
And he has...he's missing both legs below the knee
What?
And they call him the Blade Runner
The Blade Runner?
Because he has two behind his back?
No
To his face
They're like, you're a replicant
He has two...two metal...
Two metal, like, kind of hooky things
That he runs on
And people are like, and he runs like...
They look like springs
I thought it was cheating
Yeah
Do they know Blade Runners aren't replicants?
Or might be depending on which cut of the movie
I don't think...
I want to know how much...
Are they calling him a robot
Or are they calling him like...
Because they're like blades
He's a runner and there's two metal things
On his legs
They're like blades
They're like springy, weird blades
And he was a big hero in the Olympics
It was a big thing
And now he recently is under a murder investigation
For shooting his girlfriend to pieces
In the bathroom
Jesus
Shot her through the bathroom door
His story is that he heard noise in the bathroom
Thought it was a burglar
Because a lot of burglars...
What the first thing they'll do is take a dump
And...
And he didn't bother to look to see if his girlfriend
Was in bed with him
That's the guy
Someone just handed Dan a phone with a picture on it
And he...
So he shot through the bathroom door
Because he thought it was a burglar
Do you know what...
Okay, am I racist?
Because I assumed he was black
Because...
Yes
Yes, you are
Because what?
But not because of the murder
Because of the...
Because of the Olympian prowess
I picture it
Even like those black dudes
I know it's still racist
Better athletes than you
But I was like...
It was reasonable racism
I was like...
You said he was like an amazing runner
And he's from South Africa
But that's a Dutch colony
So, you know, it was a toss-up
I didn't hear South Africa
That's not...
I immediately was just like...
I just pictured a fucking amazing runner
With robot legs
And I pictured an awesome black guy
Tell me because it has to in some way
Some minute way
Or maybe some grand way
Affects your new perception of this guy
I hate him more
Because I was raised in the 70s
I thought if he was black
I was like, well, maybe
What did this woman do to him?
Turns out she was just beautiful
And trying to take a shit
Hey, I know you got lots more things going on tonight
I'm going to take off
But thank you so much for having me
Thank you, Doug Benson
Doug Benson
He read the writing on the wall
When he got out on stage
He's like, if I'm going to get out of here
In an orderly fashion
It's going to be because of professional
Schedules this thing
That was very pro
He's got to laugh and just bone out
All right
To his point
Wait, should we talk about the Blade Runner?
No, everyone's talking about him
Also, I'm kind of proud of the fact that
Because of my pop-cultural deafness
I'm not plugged in at all anymore
We never talked about that fucking
Crazy super villain
That cop that went nuts
And was shooting other cops
And then they burnt him to death
In a cabin and blah, blah, blah
I just wanted to bring up the fact
That we never talked about it
Also, I feel like
I got a lot of media coverage for it
But then it was just kind of gone
It seemed like
I think it was so much malfeasance
And shit that went down
LAPDs shoot up a bunch of innocent fuckers
A bad cop got chased
By other bad cops
And everybody else died
Yeah, that was like
Yeah, that was just a rug
Getting like boom, boom
Like out in the middle of the room
And yeah
I don't think I've told it in harm intended
I won't make it a long story if possible
Like I was walking
I went to USC
And I was walking down the road
With my friend Matt Gorley
Just super ego podcast and stuff
And we're walking up the road
And we've been playing like with pellet guns
We actually had guns on us
Early like little replica Berettas
We're just like little like
Shot little plastic balls
Like before Airsoft
We're walking up Figueroa Boulevard
Downtown South Central
And with another friend of ours Kenny
And a car goes by us
And backfires
And that doesn't really happen anymore
Like you don't hear the old time
He's like bang
Like the old like you know
Admissions bro
You gotta get that shit checked out
Absolutely
Well, you don't see a lot of dog shit
Our friend Kenny heard
This old truck go by
And went bam
And he just jokingly fell down
Like he had been shot
And then LAPD cop car
Came U-turn
And came up on the curb
Going the wrong way on the street
And two guys emerged from it
Two officers with guns
Out of their holsters
Not pointed at us
But guns out of their holsters
Screaming to me
Oh, Kenny falls down
Matt keeps walking
And I'm kind of like
Like to stand there
Like you know
Like not taunting him
But like I got a funny bit
Like get back up
Or whatever
And the cops screaming at me
Getting in the wall
And like freaking out
Not like
Like freeze
Get your hands up
Like no cops show stuff
Losing their minds
And now at this point
Kenny's getting up
And he's fine
I'm like
Jesus Christ
What the fuck is going on
You
I'm like
What's going on
And Kenny's like
A car backfired bro
And I'm like
And one of the cops
Oh my
Oh Jesus
Oh Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ
Who thought you killed them
I was like
Put your guns away
That story's called
Cops are human
I mean they didn't
Yeah but how about
They didn't know who to shoot
Here's a story called
Cops are human
Don't give them guns
Well
No more fucking guns
But at least
I don't know
That sounds like
That's the best cops story I've ever heard
I almost got shot to pieces
Because these guys
You didn't almost get shot to pieces
They took their guns out
Because they thought
That someone got shot
And they didn't know who
But they weren't being cool about it
Well they
Thank God because
Thank God they're not cyborgs
Or like
I don't know
No fuckers get shot
Because they accidentally
The bad version of the story
Would have been like
If they pointed a gun
At someone's face
And were like
You know what I mean
Like I don't know
They panicked
Because they thought
Someone actually
Was needed to help
A crazy post traumatic stress disorder
Cop
Threatened to kill everybody
In the LAPD
And their response
Was to go and start
Shooting Mexican ladies
Stuff like that
Yeah well
I mean God knows
I mean the LAPD
Is the only police force
In the
In the country
Strangely I know this
Only because I wrote
A sitcom script for
A
Called cop house
So I researched
I forgot that was the name
Research the
It was based on
An internal idea
About a bunch of
The house is a cop
Yeah
It's kind of like
Monster house
Here comes the neighborhood
A house
A house is so
Tired of being robbed
And broken into
It's set in the future
All houses are monsters
But some of them
Are trying to
Make things right
Right
There are over
18 million
9-1-1 calls about
Monster houses
One house has had too much
I was researching
The LAPD
And it was like
In the wake of the
Rodney King business
And then there was
This other
Was it on the tail of that
Or right before that
But it was like
The rampart scandal
Where there was
An anti-gang
Task force
In the LAPD
It was like
Look we have a huge
Gang problem
Let's just
Let's devote
A force of police
Like a little squad
Just anti-gang
In a
Rampart district
Like
That's all you care about
It's just
Like gang activity
Just get it down
Which is just like
Saying to Robocop
Just like go get them boy
And they
Of course
Like they would
Probably make an
Amazing movie
I'm sure they probably
Made three bad movies about it
In one sense or another
That have like
Jake Gyllenhaal
Or Shia LaBeouf in it
Or something like that
I think colors right
But they
Essentially they became
Another gang
Because they were
They had to
You know
They just got mired in it
And they
But the bad thing about that
Is that they're a gang
That you can't call the cops on
At all
So like they're a gang
That has
So there was horrible things
Happening
Long story short
If there was a cop here
In the audience
Or somebody that worked
In law enforcement
I'd love to
I'm sure it's easy to like
Pinata
Are the most low
We have an admiral
Over here
But the LAPD
Is the only police force
In the United States history
To my knowledge
That has ever been like
It had to have the
Department of Justice
Like take it over
And like oversee it
Like every other city
That you can name it
As a police force
They have their ups
And they have their downs
And they have their scandals
And stuff
But the LAPD
Just had so much shit going on
In a row
That at one point
The federal government
Started running the LAPD
Which is so close to
Omni-consumer products
Coming in
It's really fascinating
Like the 90s in LA
And the police force
Who cares?
It's fascinating
So Google it
On the other hand
If you want to be entertained
Listen to me
Sorry
Let's keep the show rolling
And bring up more friends
Who do you got?
Let's start off with Spencer
On stage for one
How about that?
All right
Spencer, our Dungeon Master
I lost a button in the bathroom
Yeah, I know
You told me
You were so excited
It was a show
What's going on at the Apple Store?
Okay
So there's a thing
Called PI
Physical Inventory
It happens twice a year
And usually we get
Like two months to prepare for it
And they told us
Like six days ago
They're like
PI's in a matter of weeks
They told us under three weeks
I guess
Around
And we're also two people
Down on our team
So we're kind of screwed
But also it's fine
It's like
It's like sweeps week
This is like crucial times
Yeah
See as you guys
Might know
I count stuff
This is counting to the extreme
This is where the till
Has to match the digital
So we have computers that we use
And we have like
iPods that we use
And iPads
And like
There's a bunch of them
But we gotta
Count for all of them
And make sure all the iPads
Are in order
And they get lost
It's crazy
You wouldn't think
You'd lose stuff like that
But it happens
And people hide them
And stuff
Yeah
You wouldn't think
Working in a giant warehouse
Full of really expensive
In the back
Like the floor is really
Wide and expansive
But in the back
There's like
Nothing
Do Apple employees
Is it possible in that
Because those stores are so slick
And they're so
It's such a well-oiled machine
Is it possible
To like steal stuff
In the back
Like in employees
Because I worked at Trader Joe's
And I robbed that
Fucker blind
But those were potato chips
And fucking beer and shit
Like when my older brother
Worked there
I heard stories
Of sometimes that stuff
Happening
But I'd never seen it happen
And if I did
I probably shouldn't talk about it
But honestly
Honestly
I haven't seen it happen
So
Yeah
I would imagine it'd be hard to get
I imagine we'd have to
Because we count it so well
Yeah
But like you said once
Which is one of my favorite quotes
Sometimes you just count less
Sometimes
Yeah
That was a joke
For like a biopic
Where Spencer is like
It's like a period film
Created in the future
About like a great
Apple thief
We had an idea of stealing batteries
Sometimes you just count less
He was Apple's most wanted
See here's the plot though
When they swap out mice and keyboards
They give those back to us
They don't need those batteries
You take those batteries out
That's two double A's
That's a potential profit of
You know
Three to four dollars on the black market
It's nice
You see you're just swimming
In batteries back home
Just dealing in batteries
No
I don't know
It's a good idea right?
No
Well I mean
It could use a little work I guess
Alright
Oh we'll workshop it
I have a retraction to make
Bruce Valanche
Who Dan dealt a pretty strong blow to last week
I said to recap as quickly as possible
What I said and my mistake was
Because Schrab told me third hand
We were at the office and he said
And I recounted this thing
Like oh somebody wrote an article
And they said hey you should fire Bruce Valanche
From the Oscars
That's how you make them better
Bruce Valanche wrote a comment under it
Saying
Well I'm very sorry you don't like me
But you know we all wrote that Oscar
Opening together and blah blah blah
Definitely a cautionary tale
This is how urban legends and gossip
Get started because
Somebody linked to that article
I went and looked at it
And Schrab was not inaccurate
In what he was reporting to me
But the Asian American telephone
Of it all turned it into
I don't know what the
We've been over this
You could just say telephone game
When I was in the Midwest
It was called a Chinese telephone
Why would you balk at bed?
You assumed a murderer was a black guy earlier
Because we already talked about it
In this podcast
And I don't want to become
Prairie Home Companion
Where it's just like
B-bop-a-rub-bop-rub-bop-i
I know I'm racist, we get it
But I looked at the article
That we were talking about
For those of you who listened
To a couple episodes back
And I looked at the comment
That Bruce wrote
And I don't think
That he's guilty of anything
Worthy of me maligning him
He said we wrote
And we rewrote the Oscars together
Which in general is true
We did sit there in a room together
And try to write jokes
That Hugh Jackman should be saying
He didn't actually
He never said
Like I wrote the
The reader dance or anything
Like he didn't claim authorship
Of anything that
He's not a weird liar, Bruce
If you're up there listening
You're just weird
So I feel bad
I've also been wrong
About other things offhand
I repeated some thing
Erin Negati always opts out
When we go through the TSA checkpoints
And she keeps saying this thing
That I repeated on stage
Which is that they're not
A government agency
They're a private company
And then somebody tweeted me
And said, what the fuck are you saying
What are you, I looked it up
And I said, that's not true either
So one should be careful sometimes
One should tens one's own garden
That's how you stay honest
You don't have to worry about
Saying something that needs
To be retracted
Spencer's mom is a lesbian
Yeah, so retraction there
You didn't actually end up fucking it, right?
Why do you think I would call her a lesbian?
That's a title I reserve
Only for women that won't do it with me
Alright, well let's keep the bullet train
Speeding along and bring up Kumail
Because he's going to play D&D
Alright, Kumail Nanjiani
Hello, hello
I thought that was the THX sound
My congested ears heard that as the
What was it?
It's one of our rap beats
Oh, rap beats
Pretty racist
By the way, I worked at a school
That had laptops
And I was responsible for about 300 laptops
Macbooks
And I probably lost about 70 of them
And then quit
Before they could count
And I just, it sucks
Because I became friends with these people
I worked there for five years
And I was really good at having them
Not find out that shit was missing
That was like the only thing I was good at
And so when I was leaving
It was this house of cards
And I was like, hey, I'm going to quit
They were like, what, but we need you
And I was like, you're going to find out
How little you need me
When you figured out how much you wish
I was here to answer questions
Yeah, exactly
And I just left
And I ignored their calls
And I just never fucking talked to them again
It wasn't my fault
I never stole or sold any of them
They were just disappearing
It can happen, man
I don't know what was happening
Crazy, right?
I should have done PI more often
Yeah
I bet everybody's got a story
About an early job they had
Where they walked away from it
With just, in fucking, like,
It just broke down behind you
I know
If you think of like 70 computers
Each one about $1,000 even
That's over $70,000
And I just left
I moved to a different city
And I changed my career
And I bet if they see me on TV
They're like, there's that fucker
Because I swear to you
That program went under
The year after I left
The birdie made off of Apple
But I had to benefit from it
So somebody there was pinching him
Like somebody was
I don't know
This was on the south side of Chicago
Which is like a pretty rough area
And kids were always getting over
It's the baddest part of town
Yeah, bad, bad
Yeah
Leroy Brown, is that what we're doing?
Yes, we're doing bad, bad, Leroy Brown right now
Fuck you, man
He's suckered me into that
I hate Jim Croci
I'm just saying, Camille
If you go down there
You better just beware
Of a man named Leroy Brown
These children don't know what you're talking about
You're just being a weird old man right now
My rendition is so accurate
That you could shazam this conversation
He got it back
I had also shazam sort of thing, right?
You still shazam?
Was it called like Bahuqui?
I don't know
Bahuqui
With cops, by the way
I grew up, like I said, in Pakistan
And it's so corrupt there
Like the cops are just uniformly bad
Pakistan in India
If you watch any movies from the 80s and 90s
The bad guys were always cops
Always cops
So I like moved
And I fucking like
I hate them
And I'm like
I don't know
It's terrible because you can't think of a worse job
A job that no one would rather do
I think it's like school teachers, cops
Let's throw in stylists
Like we need to
No, I'm kidding on the last one
We need to
Just school teachers and cops
We obviously need them
Don't you think you break the cycle
By throwing a
In a country where we kind of
We do tend to
I know that every penny counts
But we also have spent
More on worse
Like don't you break the cycle by like going
Hey from now on
Being a cop
Pays a lot
Like don't you think
Because right now we're at this place where it's like
Doesn't pay that much
And you might get shot
Yeah
So the people who go into it
Like you need cops
But a lot of people who become cops
You don't want to be cops
I was walking across the street
I was jaywalking
With my wife
Who's not very threatening looking at all
And these fucking cops pulled up
And they started yelling at us
And like they had me up against the wall
Hands behind my back
And I was so fucking angry
I was asking them
I swear I was like
So this is the biggest bust you've had
And I was like
So is this why you got into the game
I called it the game
And Emily's like
What'd you say?
Of course Emily just
And I'd just done a show at the echo
And I'd left a bit early
So while I'm there
All the people who'd just seen me at the show
Are walking by
And they're like
Hey great show
I'm like okay cool
Not a good time right now
Pretty cool
Oh my god
The next week you were opening though
Or wait
Opening's bad
Closing
My brain is dying
By the way have you seen posters for Sharknado?
No
There's a movie called Sharknado
It's set in Oklahoma
During tornado season
Yeah and it's a tornado
And the poster is
There's a hand drawn like a tornado
With like shark heads poking out of it
Which you'd be like
Are you saying it better is it real?
No no no
This is real
Oh I thought you were just doing a fucking thing
No no
This is real
That's the problem
It's real
Sharknado
They would be like nothing
They'd be dead right?
Yes
These sharks
They're dizzy and dead
If you're auditioning for the role of the mayor
In the first act
Yeah
You're hired
Guys we have nothing to worry about
Come on they'd be dead
They're dead
Can I be the sharkologist?
Yes the annual corn festival stays open
We've known two things about sharks for 50,000 years
One is that they live under water
Two is that they can't stop moving
We thought the first thing was what was keeping them alive
You're good Jan
It turns out they only have to keep moving
No one has ever kept a shark moving out of water
And just like a truck shark
What if the tornado is water
Whatever's a water tornado
You're talking about a hurricane
That's the sequel
But there's one house that won't be taken over by the sharknado
Shark house
Monster house
You should have a movie called Shark House
I'll find the sharknado picture for you to prove
That it wasn't just a lame bid I was doing
It's a real movie
No you don't have to prove it
That's the sad thing is that now irony has become
I think it's a good thing
It's an invitation now to like
I think that we used to live in a world where
The division between the people who made entertainment
And the people that consumed it was so thick
That it was one of the most enjoyable things
Was them doing their job wrong
And now we can all do it anyway
So now it's like
Now of course the first thing we're going to do is go
Hey this show is called Dick, Dick, Dick Gater
Is it part Dick, part Gater?
I thought it was a Gater who's like a dick
Is it?
Doosh crocodile
But here's my problem
If the reality is a thing
Is it already out?
Or is it no?
Here's the poster
I forgot to mention this
The tagline is enough said
No
No I think we need a bit more
Look at that
Not enough said
Enough said
No the sharks are dead
Enough said exclamation point
Which is another weird thing
Enough said
But how about this
There is a thing that's already being made called
Sharknado
But the one Adam Goldberg was talking about
Is called Avalanche Shark
They didn't even go like Sharkalanche
Or
Shark
Sharks are officially the new ninja
But Avalanche colon shark
Like Mission Colon Impossible
I don't even know it was both
And it was neither
It was Avalanche shark
Then it was Shark Avalanche
Then it was Avalanche sharks
When they had three puppets
And then they cut back on the number of puppets
And then they cut back on the number of production managers
And that's when you jump a ship
And then it became an evening with a shark
Off-Broadway
Just so yeah
I was born a little shark
And then it finally became Argo
That's how Hollywood works
Yeah, it's crazy
Hood rewrite
So I'm going to guess
Tremors was a kind of a parody of Jaws
Like Tremors was written like in the 70s
Really?
After Jaws was popular
They wrote this script that was like
They're sharks but they're under dirt instead of water
And it took that long for Tremors to come out
I like Tremors because
This is the third one where they start flying
Yeah
And then the fourth one is
Because Michael Gross is the only one who keeps coming back
He's done all of them
So there's one that's set in the Wild West
It's a prequel
And there's Tremors there
And Michael Gross's ancestor fights him
Which at that point
Played by whom?
Michael Gross
He's back
That should have like made the news or the lore
And they should have been like
Hey stay away from this area
Like 200 years ago
These fucking Tremors showed up
And what are the odds that Michael Gross comes back
Of guys out there
Well a lot of problems
They register the local radar of one guy
Who stayed in this basement
And started hoarding firearms
It holds up
I like the Tremors saga
Shall we play some D&D?
Let's do it
Alright, Aaron McAthee
Would you join us on stage please?
Oh Jesus Christ
Don't ever ever ever sneak up
I'm gonna go
Hello
Aaron McAthee everyone
Hey guys
Sharks
Yeah
Her mic is not on
Give it a try
Sharks
There we go
Shark lobby
It's good news though
There'll have to be a new
There's gonna be a nerd shark movie soon I bet
Like a half nerd half shark
He's just like
Because nerds are the big thing right now
Shack called himself a geek today
So I'm like
Come on
Nerds will have to come up with new ways
Like somehow the robot ninja Abraham Lincoln
Shark laser
Like kind of like
That concept
That all comes from the
Pirate
It comes from this period of time when it was like
We were being dispensed to entertainment
By this big thing
So there's like this wacky packages irony
Going on to it
These aren't crayola crayons
These are crackola crayons
So I guess it's a
We're living in a kind of a
Satirically dead age
That will be a precursor to like a new
I think
A new reckoning
Where I will be completely like
I'll just be a dinosaur
As if I'm not already
But I'll be absolutely
I don't even know why that's funny
And everyone will be like
Exactly
Step aside
There's some shows on Adult Swim
That make me feel so old
I don't know
Yeah
I've watched like
What like Squidbillies
Have you seen that show?
I don't know
It's impenetrable
I'll tell you something
I watched that made me feel 20
It was like the most powerful guy in the room
This movie, the ABC's of horror
Oh how is that?
It should be called 26 Channel 101 rejections
What also
Sucks about that format
Is that you're hyper aware
Of how much of the movie is left
Yeah
Because you're like
I'm only at the G
Yeah
The good thing about it
Is knowing you're never
More than three minutes away
From another
But you start to go
Like it's not starting
It's never going to start
And even if it does start
It's going to putter out
Four minutes
Yeah
I think we started feeling pretty
OCD about it
Like we're already 20 in
Well we started the first 11
Kept going like
So C is for
Carnival
C is for that
And then we started going
What are we doing?
It doesn't matter
Because somebody actually told me
That it was a part of that project
They said
Yeah we got them and
We had to shuffle the order
Because we had to
So we started pretending
That the letter was different
Like if you made a shitty one
Called the H is for helicopter
Because it couldn't guys head up
But it was so shitty
They would just go
Let's just say
P is for pilot
Yeah
And let's tell the P guy
That it might fly on that one
Wow that sucks
Yeah it was very clear
That the words didn't inspire
The horror
Also barely any horror
Literally like four or five
And I say in quotes
Scary ones
There was a cartoon about a woman
Trying to get her poop inside a toilet
What do you mean?
That
Is the poop out of her
Or is it in her?
There's a woman
It was animated
Is this P?
No this is poop
No it's P
No
Nice nice
Classic
Thank you very much
We're gonna be touring together
Shoes and socks ladies and gentlemen
Yeah
Cheese shoes
And I'm Camille
What do you say Camille?
Shoes you gotta get in
Alright it's D&D time
I'd say on that note
That's my catchphrase
Spencer if you would
Catch us up
When we last met
The group was plumbing
The depths of the ruins of Mershuil
Christopher was caught
In a deadly wall crashing trap
Thinking quickly
The rogue found a narrow escape
And left with great alacrity
Through a hole in the floor
Landing in a dank dark chamber
Sharpie quirk and Mulraine
Were not far behind
And after some crossed wires
The group managed to slide down
The button staff
Working on unlocking the chamber door
The rogue toiled
While the rest of the gang
Searched the room
It wasn't long before the group
Was besieged by snakes
After seeming to fall
For Mulraine's animal husbandry
The snakes transformed into Yuan T
Sinister serpent people
After putting on a seemingly
Clever disguise
The hat of disguise
The gang tried to convince the snakes
They were holding a hostage
But quarks talking dagger
Ruined the gang
With his sharp tongue
And foul move
Down but not out
They launched into a new gag
Quark creeping behind the lead snake
And Sharpie pushing him over the
Crouch hapland
Tripping him
This spooked the snake people
Into losing their volos of poison arrows
Which struck Sharpie in his chest and arm
He began to feel drowsy
And as if he was feeling numb
The party managed to kill two of the foes
Before the last member of the group
Fled in snake form
Managing to elude the party's grasp
After combat ended
The rogue managed to finish
Picking the lock on the door
Peering through the clack
Crack at the massive treasure room
For them
Just then Sharpie felt a rush of dizziness
And lost consciousness
Thump
He did it again!
Alright
I'm convinced Spencer
That you've listened to this podcast
You've timed out the music cue
And you write this
To be timed perfectly to this
I mean, the thing is
I write it on my iPad nowadays
And I just write the same size of the text
It works amazing
I heard there's a video of you
The way there is of Bruce Springsteen
Practicing his opening
No? Okay
There's an urban legend
Or a real tape out there
I don't know if it's just an urban legend
Or if there's a real tape
But somebody slept over at Bruce Springsteen's house
And found a tape of him
A VHS tape of him practicing
Dancing in the dark in a mirror
Really?
Circulating around
It's probably an urban legend
From like back in the day?
Yeah, yeah
Was it like the Metallica drummer guy?
The guy that drummed the entire black album?
We know that exists, right?
Yeah, that was fucking great
Alright, so what's going on?
We're looking through a crack in the thing
Bruce Springsteen?
He was a guy
During Reaganomics
We had to make sure it was extra cool
To be lower class
Reaganomics
So he rolled out some rich people
With bandanas
That was the best class in history
Was Reaganomics
I mean glossary term
Who?
Can we see that Sharpie's fallen down?
Who is Sharpie?
Yeah, that's Dan
Oh, okay
Can I have like an HBO original series dream sequence?
Yeah, you're in a dungeon though
I mean like
You're having a dream sequence
But I'm unconscious
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, so yeah
So I'm on a beach
We don't know that
And then someone is getting stabbed
And look out over the ocean
And instead of the sun rising over it
It's my dad's head
And I start to run away
And I run through a nearby jungle
And I come to a cabin
And I go inside and there's a birthday cake
And there's 13 candles on it
And a fish in the middle
And I pick up the fish
And it looks at me and says
Sopranos reference
So I put it down
And I go with my second thought
I go to a fireplace
And I start to stoke the flame
But there's nothing but oatmeal in it
Then I wake up
Or cut to them
Cut to them
Hey, what do you guys think he's dreaming about?
Same old stuff, probably
So I'm working on the log
What's, huh?
I'm working on the lock
You had just picked the lock
And you guys had opened it
And you would see it in the room
Yeah, there's treasure
Let me see here
You can see a large stone chamber
In the center of which is three large humanoid statues
And next to them is a small wooden shed
And a few wooden buckets
Behind the statues is a massive stone staircase
Leading up about 80 feet in large tiered steps
At the top is a massive sarcophagus
Made of obsidian, it's surrounded by several chests and barrels
And baskets of goods, I should say
Heaped up in some form of tribute
In the middle of the staircase is a massive deep black crack
And inky darkness blocks out any light
That you could help see into the small cave
You see coins tossed around the cavern
I mean the chamber
It's a chamber
Do I have any sort of antidote or something I can use on them?
I don't know
I mean, what is, does it say anything like that?
You should know
You shouldn't
I shouldn't?
I don't think so
Well, you created me, so I'm sure I don't
Yeah, but it happened a while ago
I have heel-moderate wounds, do I not?
Yeah, but this is more of like a sleep, a sleeping poison
Oh, it's not deadly
Well, you don't know, really
You saw, it's freaky, you know
I reach into my sack and take out a pen
And I draw a dick and balls on his forehead
I teabag him
Yeah
And I put like a cover of him in swastikas
And we tried to get the horse to fuck
I take his hand and I pretend that we're getting married
I put his other hand in a bucket of warm water
And then I just piss on his hand
Not intuitively, I piss on his hand
This weirdly brings the three of us together
No, because that's a way to revive somebody
In a barbarian clan, so we would frequently
To pee on someone's hand was a great way
To bring them out of a stupor
Was it a great way?
Sounds like the worst way
It was the only way
Okay
We should probably look through, go up
He'll be here
Yeah, I examine the statues
Okay, so you examine the statues
They're beginning to fall apart
There's several cracks, and you can see
The faces are worn off
Do you want to enter the room?
Yes, I enter the room
You enter the room
Hey, your pee kind of like rubbed off
The dick on his face, do you want to redraw it?
I go back in and I re-ink the dick and balls on his forehead
Because that's going to be hilarious
Would one of my sleep arrows do the opposite?
Like riddle in or something?
You don't know
We should shoot him with it just to be safe
Wait, you're going to shoot him with arrows?
With a sleep arrow
Like a light switch
I do my best to murmur things in my sleep
To make it clear I was bullied as a child
And or molested
Not another bath, mom
I'm already clean
You guys hear this and feel bad for your pranks
How clean can you get?
I put on...
I feel dirtier after you clean me
Can I put on my hat of disguise and become Dan's mother?
Okay
Okay, it was bound to happen
That's technically something that can happen, yes
I'm just saying maybe it would wake him
Alright, did I do it?
Yeah, well your disguise is what you think she looks like
You don't actually know for sure
That's just sharpie without a beard
What happened when you examined the statues?
I went back in to redraw the dick and balls
But now I go back in while this is happening
Slightly creeped out by a woman in love with a man
Pretending to be his mother while he's asleep
He's not creeped out enough to not pee on him
No, okay, I go into the room to look at the statues while that goes on
Okay, there's three statues
A couple seem cowed in admiration or maybe subservience
The one is larger than the other two
Arms are stretched out in triumph
You can see words scrawled on the base of the statue
But you can't really read their language
I can read that language, right?
I mean, you don't know
You haven't seen the right...
There's some writing you might like
Oh, hey, I'm a writer, you know
I attempt to read the writing
It says Mershalk
What does that mean?
You realize that it's part of the history of this plane
Mershalk is an ancient and dark god worshipped by the Yuan-ti
We're fucked
I kneel down next to Sharpie
Oh, hi
I have a clean, I'm clean
Becoming his oppressor is not going to help the situation
I'm going to undo it
Yeah, fix it
Oh, hey, good job in that bath in there
Good job
I like, like, praising someone after they've been molested
Took it like a champ
Have you done this before?
I just wanted to let you know that what happened in there
doesn't make me love you any more or less
I just want to promise it's not going to happen again
I just want to impress you with my spells
Oh, I know
You know what? I exist in every enemy that you encounter
Any hole that's too dark
I love my enemies, I hate myself
Oh, no, no, no, no
I want you to compartmentalize me, okay?
Compartmentalize all humanity
Compartmentalize everyone
I'm letting you go
I have no more feelings
No, hey, not to butt in
I don't think this is working
But keep trying
Okay, I don't think you should be so turned on right now
Touch it
Okay, no
I awkwardly walk over to where he is
It's dirty
Clean it
It'll always be dirty
You know, any positive feelings that you have about me
I want you to transfer them to Mulraine
And any negative feelings
I want you to imagine them going into a dark devil's box
Mulraine's devil's box
Clean my penis
Not a vagina, just an actual box
And imagine it being set on fire
And then being eaten by a monster
And it goes away forever
Women clean my penis, vaginas are on fire
No, okay
I take the hat off
Hey, how did that go?
We'll find out when he wakes up
I made some big mistakes, you guys
I thought I understood Sharpie
I don't think I do
I'm very sorry
No one understands Sharpie
He's a mysterious fellow
He wants to help
But for all of his gifts
There's a deep pain that he masks
I've tried to clean that penis so many times
Every time he falls asleep
When he has one of those dreams
I'll clean it, I'll do it
And I'm constantly jerking him off while he sleeps
Never seems to get him
It just makes it worse
Never clean
Okay, I'll be right over
Maybe I should try it
I've never cleaned this penis
Can I give Chris my hat of disguise
So he can become Dan's mother?
Maybe she should try a different disguise
No, I think this is what's going on
I give Chris my hat of disguise
Oh, hey, I'm back
Never seen you looking so lovely as you did tonight
I've never seen you shining so bright
You're amazing
I don't look dirty
Uh, hey, I don't want to do this
I feel like I need a shower
I grab whoever's near me in my dream
And hold them tight
Uh, oh fuck
Uh, Chris, run!
Hey dude, uh, uh, uh
I stab his arm
Do we need to roll a die?
With a knife?
Well, but just very lightly
Yeah, no, he's asleep, so it's not a task to hit him
So I hit him
Yeah, you strike him, I'm sorry, you strike him
Well, I'll just, yeah, but not to hurt him
Yeah, okay, great
You do four non-legal damage
Uh, uh, uh, that means you love me
You wake up
Now you're awake
Oh, hey!
Did you have any weird dreams or anything?
Yeah, the usual
Okay
You want to go out, maybe just go freshen up
Do you want to take five?
There's a room with a mirror in there
You guys didn't
No, we'll do it
Uh, you assholes
I go and look in a reflective pool
You have like swastikas and dicks
That swastikas made of dicks
You're in a right state
I'm going to keep these here forever
That's the way, own it
I want you to feel bad next time I'm saving your life
You could be a guy with dicks on his face
That you drew
They come off
No, I'm making them permanent with a magic spell
With like a magic marker?
Yeah
Maybe a Sharpie?
I'm going to make them magical through a special ritual
Called not bathing
Um, can we, so we looked at the statues
And it says that in the stairs that go upstairs, right?
Yeah, yeah, but they have a giant crack in them
So we can't jump over the crack?
Well, I mean, you have rope I guess
So you could probably
Should we go up or we, I have rope
Okay, let's try it
How about this, I'll hold the rope
I'll fasten the rope, I take the rope
We tie one end to Chris de Burgh
And I tie it around me
And also fasten it to one of the statues
The cowering one to the side
And as an anchor point for the rope
So we can walk up
If anything bad happens Chris de Burgh
I'll reel you back in
As you tie the ropes
You feel a chill cove over the room
And you feel an odd presence
You can hear a voice
Oh, sorry, do you want to go?
Go ahead
Sorry, but no, it's fine, it's fine
You hear a voice echoing through the chamber
What new morsels have been tossed into my cell?
You hear thudding footfalls
And the clinking of metal rumbling against metal
Is that the guy from the pepperage farm commercials?
Pepperage farm?
Luckily you're covered in piss
That's true
Out of the crack in the staircase
protrudes a draconic head
followed by a large green form
that you know all too well
A dragon
Its toothy jaw opens in anticipation
and bright green globs of saliva
tripped onto the floor
sizzling and bubbling on impact
Its temples are crowned with a frilled hood
that extends like a cobra's
laterally down the body
An odor of chlorine clings to its scaly hide
and glimmers with an emerald sheen
Around its neck you can see an iron collar
and a few long chains
dangling around as the beast moves
Hey, how about you try going up first?
Well, yeah, he already came out
I'd say get back here and let's regroup
for a concerted attack here
Is he within...
I get back with him
Is he within arrow shot?
He is, yeah
Is he chained up? He's got chains around him?
He has chains around his neck
but you can't see whether or not
they're attached to anything at the moment
I shoot two sleep arrows
Two sleep arrows
If he falls asleep I'm going to draw
some of these dicks on him
One of the arrows strikes
and hits him right in the neck
He doesn't have any effect
He stays awake
I do a far sword attack
Far sword attack
Pulling your flaming greatsword
from its sheath
you unfurl a far sword attack
The streaking blade of wind
goes awry and hits a wall or something
It's wind, you can't see what it, you know
Yeah, yeah, I gotcha
Hey, Sharpey
Should we look at this book
and see maybe there's something in this book?
I think it might be for another time
I don't know if we have time to do that
in combat
Am I wrong about that?
I mean, hang out and...
Okay
He opens his mouth wickedly
and sprays a corrosive green spray of acid
but you all manage to dive out of the way
Is it possible for me to wear my hat of disguise
and look like the dragon's mother?
It's limited to humanoid forms, so
Okay
No
Not being the answer there
I have a disguise
You dodged his breath weapon, that sucks
That's crazy, you could all died there
Really?
Yeah, it's sad
Why does that suck? What kind of person are you?
I'm a sadistic person
Hey, what's up? I have a poison dagger
Yeah, you do
Can I throw it at him?
You can throw it at him, you can stab him with it
You can do other things
What's stronger?
It would be stronger to strike him with it
but that would also, you know, you'd have to be in range of him
You don't want to get too close for it
That's a dangerous prospect
What do you guys think? Should I throw it?
I think you should throw it
I attach a rope to the dagger and throw it so I can get the dagger back
Quickly tying a knot around the dagger
You tie a knot around the dagger
Is that my turn?
No, okay, now you throw it
It only goes a pitiful like six or seven feet
Also the knot undoes itself
I feel like the...
I feel like the pitiful was editorializing
No, no, no, you rolled a four on the tie rope to dagger
and a three on the throw dagger to dragon
So that's the dice
How many dice do you have over there?
I got so many dice, man
How many dice do you need?
Let me ask you something about my spell, reduced person
Can I cast it on myself?
You can
I think you already got that cast on you five minutes ago
It was reduced self-esteem
We did future damage
I'm going to cast it on myself
My plan is to get around behind his line of sight
as a tiny thing
so small that in the dragon's world
it's negligible
Alright, well then I'll remind you that
you know it would shrink you down
but only to about a little smaller than a quirk size
It's just like a little guy
What did you do?
You look like Willow
Alright, alright, okay
Why don't you cast one of your crazy animal spells?
Alright, I'll cast Summoned Monster too
Summoned Monster too
Okay, let's see here
Celestial Giant B
Celestial Giant Bombardier Beetle
Riding Dog
Eagle
Devil
Squid
Wolf
Monster
Scorpion
Fiendish Shark
Monstrous Spider
Fiendish Snake
I'm going to go with...
No, come on guys
No, no, no ironic monster summonings
Waterborne Beasts that will simply lay there and die
I summon the Scorpion
The Giant Scorpion
Summoning a Giant Scorpion
With a snap and a swish
It appears
Hey, could you have him pick up my knife on the way back?
On the way back
It doesn't have to do it on the way back
It awaits your orders
Huh?
It awaits his orders
Attack the dragon
Will you, Keith?
I grab the knife on the way back
And see if you can grab Christopher's knife
On the way back
You don't know how to do it on the way back
On the way back from killing the dragon
I take out my loot and I sing
Keith, attack the dragon
Because I fuck you all
I'm sorry
With its wicked sting
The Scorpion attempts to attack the dragon
But it bats the sting aside
With a flutter of its wing
I fire two V-arrows
Into...
Spencer, for real, I'm aiming...
I'm really aiming this time
Like, right at his eyes
Do I have to explain to you dice again?
Dungeon Snap
Spencer
Well, that's probability
No, I know
It's just the way you...
That's why it was funny, I hope
Yeah, totally
They laughed, Spencer
Keep on doing it
Yeah, okay
One of your arrows flies to the left
And misses its mark
But the other plants itself right in the dragon's chest
How much damage does it deal?
Probably a lot
So much damage?
Eight damage
Ooh
I take out my mysterious Emerald Dagger
And I ask it for advice
I didn't realize it talked
Can I consult my dagger?
Yeah, man
Hey, hey, hey
I'm sorry, I'm sorry to be a dick
I, you know, I just like stabbing people
Well, how do you feel about stabbing daggers?
I mean, dragons
I can stab a dragon
I mean, do you want me to stab that dragon?
What if... how about this?
I'll go into a Berserker Rage
And you...
And we'll do some dual tag team
Dragon stabbing
Hey, on the way back
Could you pick up my...
Yes, yes
Well, I'm gonna be in a Berserker Rage
You'll probably be the last guy you wanna...
On the way back
You don't have to do it on the way there
All right, okay, okay
Thanks
Actually, before I do that
I just go over, pick up this dagger
And bring it back to Christopher
Okay, but you can't attack now
Oh, shit
No, no
Oh, wait, oh, wait, oh, wait, oh, wait
All right
Yeah, so me, Sassy Dagger
And Berserker Rage, Dragon Attack
Flying into a Berserker Rage
You all about lose your consciousness
Before you launch yourself
Directly into the clutches of the dragon
Oh, so much good
Just some math here
Yeah, yeah, no, you strike it
Right in the neck
Scoring a seemingly deep slash
On its flank
You manage to deal...
That's not too much, you guys
11 damage
Oh, shit
That's still pretty good
Can I try to intimidate it?
I says I can intimidate
You definitely can try to intimidate it
What do you want to...
What kind of thing do you want to do?
What kind of thing do you just want to be like
Hey, hey
Or do you want to like say something?
You know, you could have arguments
Or you could just make noise, I mean...
I could be like, hey, I had a song
It was number one on the charts for...
For a long time
So back off
What's your intimidate score?
You know, on the skills
It doesn't say anything
Do you not have any ranks in it?
No, it's checked
Okay, it's checked
So you go, then that's just your
Charisma modifier
What?
As I'm intimidating him
I sneakily grab my knife
He seems to flinch back a bit
As you intimidate it
And you manage to grab your knife
He repents
Is it possible?
I don't know dragons all that well
Is it possible that he's being chained there
And he's been imprisoned by something?
But what if we...
We could use diplomacy to...
You're raging
Oh, sorry, yeah, that's the thing
Is it possible if we free him
That maybe he would be like cool?
Yeah, let's get a thorn out of his paw
We just gonna attack this ass
Before he attacked you, I should mention
Yeah, I know
Fuck this guy
So, fuck Emmer
I put it at dance turn
I have a thing in my inventory
It says four paralyzers
Yeah
What are those?
Do you remember when you were in the
Infinifish and you went to the store
You bought some rope
Some potions and some paralyzers
Okay
Those were syringes
Full of presumably paralyzing fluid
Okay
Do they come in ready injectable syringes?
They come in large syringes, yeah
You can just buy that stuff
That's like if you buy condoms and rope
They should let you do that, right?
I give one to Christopher because he's
He has skills that will enable him
To get in close to this thing that I don't have
Yeah, I can sneak
Go stab this thing
Cool
This d-word
Can I use my sneaking?
I use my sneaking to go and stab him
With the paralyzer injection
So you hand him the paralyzer and you
Attempt to sneak
Oh, hey, that's a good sneak
You can't be seen
You definitely can't be seen
The dragon is occupied with quark right now
And attempts to attack him with a few of his limbs
This could be dangerous, you guys
Artificial tension
That's a great filmmaking device
The director should just come on and be like
This is very scary
It's called the M-Nite
He strikes at you with his wings and his claws
And he manages to not hit you with those
I mean, he doesn't manage to hit you with those
But then he nips at you with his powerful beak
He bites you right in the hand
Not your dagger hand, of course
Well, not, of course
I mean, that's a reasonable thing that could happen
Dealing seven damage
Ooh
My chances
Yeah, so now you're sneaking
Might be me?
Yeah, now you're sneaking
Now you're nearby him
You think you might be able to do something
And as best as you can tell, he hasn't taken notice
All right, I stab him with the paralyzer
Like in the face?
Right in the dick
Right, sorry
I'm sorry, where is it softest?
Eye?
I mean, the dick might be the softest part
Depends how much he likes fighting
Yeah, yeah
What is your comedy team's cause?
Yeah, fighting dicks
You stab him right in the dick with the paralyzer
Now we're talking
You guys have stabbed him in the dick
Before depressing the plunger and injecting him full of
Paralyzing fluids
Through the dick
Take that!
His dick goes numb
That's all?
Well, I mean, for right now
Hey guys, I numbed his dick
He's gonna last a lot
Well, now everyone's common fears
If you have any spermicide, I could maybe do that too
Why don't you buy him a Ferrari while you're at it?
So it didn't work?
Well, I mean, it hasn't completely taken...
Poisons take a while to work
Oh, I see
Let him circulate from his dick to his dragon brain
Is it... whose turn is that?
Aaron? Yeah, Aaron's
Sorry, I'm just...
Oh, that's okay
I shoot a single, and this is hard for me
I shoot one arrow between his eyes
Oh, hey, you hit him between his eyes
Hey
Dealing some damage
Dealing 11 damage
All right
That's pretty good, you guys
Now he has an arrow sticking out of his face
And a big gash in his neck, right?
And a numb dick
That's a state of affairs, yeah
I was gonna have to disguise myself as the sexiest dragon
What about my scorpion? What's my scorpion doing?
It's... you haven't given it orders, I guess
Well, you haven't attacked
Wait, the scorpion's just been hanging up while this is going on
Well, we're stabbing it in the dick
Well, there's a giant scorpion just standing there
Waiting for orders
The scorpion's still drinking my last quarterly taxes
It's like, this is not the best use of my talents, but okay
I write off my mileage
I tell Keith the scorpion to please attack the dragon for God's sakes
What am I doing here?
He misses
Oh!
He's rusty
Yeah, he got cold
If you weren't summoned, I'd fire you
You had him on the bench for too long
Keith's good at writing songs and making bracelets and stuff
Am I still in my berserk rage?
Yeah
Okay, then I go back for another sword attack
Going
Yeah, going
I use my climbing ability to climb up to the tallest statue
and then leap at him to try to plunge my sword right in the top of the dragon's head
Okay, well, that's gonna be a climbing check
In your barbarian rage, you can't figure out how to climb up
Shit!
What are you trying to do?
Let us help you
What's your end game?
I got myself so freaking freaking out over here
I can't climb the goddamn statue
Everybody, get on each other's shoulders in a while
Lift me up and put me on top of the statue
It's hard to listen to what you're saying when you're just running against a wall
So I'm still by the dragon, right? I'm still up there with him and he hasn't seen me?
He's too numb in the dick
Yeah, no, you really were hiding so good
He doesn't see you
Right now he's actually occupied with Keith
Can I toss Christopher a second paralyzer?
That'll be a bit tricky
Can I throw him a rope and can he tie it?
No
No? All right
You don't have a...
Can I summon a second scorpion to make Keith feel like there's stakes?
I'm gonna keep one
Can I put on a hat of disguise and become Dan's mother again?
Yeah, you could
And you could summon another scorpion if you wanted
Summon a second scorpion, I'm hoping that capitalism will emerge
And you send him to attack presumably?
Yes, of course
What's his name?
David
Keith and David
Keith and David?
Yeah, that's right
Because David critically strikes the dragon in the side of the head
That's true
I am with the... sorry
Dealing 12 damage
Now that's how you scorpion, Keith
My Keith should be more like David
Keith looks dejected
I have a red cap poison
Can I stab the dragon with it?
Yeah, so that's one of the poisons in your dagger
Should I do that?
Okay, stab him
You see the dragon seems a bit less lucid
A bit loopy if you will
You stab him
Your dagger manages to pierce its hide
But only just a little
It doesn't seem to have any effect
You might want to...
You guys won't end it here
It's going to take a while
If you want
How many...
I'm just saying
Are we allowed to know how many power pellets?
Energy, what's his energy bar?
Health bar
Is this dragon half dead?
Yeah, he's about half dead
Okay
Half dead cliffhanger!
Half dead dragon!
Thank you very much
Spencer Crits than everybody
Erin McGathy
Kumail Nanjiani
Half dead dragon
I was kind of a half dead dragon tonight
With my congestion and my inability
To put thoughts together
Are you going to go drinking afterwards?
I don't know
Why stop now?
I feel like alcohol kills germs
That's what they used to tell us
When we first started drinking
When we were 13
If you had to share a glass at a party
Alcohol kills all germs, bro
That's what I heard
I never bothered to look into it
Sigh
Let's close the show
With the greatest rap
Oh, show
Really?
You feel like you've got this right now?
No
Alright, do you have a beat you want to do
Or should I just throw one at you?
Just throw it at me
You want sexy and slow or something more upbeat?
Give me sexy and slow
What's on your mind before we start?
I don't know
Failure?
Entropy?
Did you finish your script yet?
No
How does that make you feel?
Bad
When was it due?
January
When do you think you'll turn it in?
May
For real?
I don't know
Is it any good?
Honestly, what do you think right now?
I don't know
I can't write
I can't write anymore
My brain is dead
I used to have sparks connecting the little things
I just don't have it anymore
I got it
Something left
I angered it with my ego
God left my body
Used to hang out
Do stuff through me
Now I'm just an asshole hanging out
Because you feel there's too much expectation
You deserve it now
It's easy
You proved that you could do it
Now it's all the apples are going to fall off
Too much thought about me
And what I am
And what I'm supposed to be doing
Too much thought about me writing
I'm writing
I'm going to write something
Me
That's not how it's supposed to be
How do you get back to the place
Where the universe moves through you?
You get destroyed
You don't get handed a bunch of money
By people
You end up back in the gutter
You hit rock bottom
You become human again
Are you semi-consciously sending yourself
Back to the gutter by doing this?
Is this self-annihilation
To kind of achieve that?
Probably
Mom
Go to sleep
Alright
Yo
Yeah
Dig me
Smooth rap
From the heart and soul
Not rock and roll
I got a road runner
Going down the street
I got a coyote chasing me
Wants my meat
His name is Money
He wants to eat my ass
I got the Howard Hespin
At the head of the class
Some rhymes come easier than others
Got a retarded sister
Got a dumb ass brother
I got two parents that live in Miami
They're not in Miami
I had a girlfriend named Tammy
She had a mental breakdown
After I fucked her
Start over
Give me a different beat
I don't like that beat
It's the beat's fault
Alright, here we go, yeah
Oh, yeah
To the dead
That was the annihilation
You just died
So now the universe
Yeah, move back
Through you again
Yeah
Sunshine raindrops and candy
I fucked your mama like she was named Mandy
I fucked your mama in the school and the gym
I fucked your mama like a Legend of Nim
She was
I fucked your mama like a mouse
I fucked your mama in a two-story house
I fucked her upstairs, downstairs
I fucked her in the cellar
I fucked your mama so hard
She turned into a bank teller
She said, withdrawal, no deposit
I fucked your mama so hard
I put her ass in the closet
She was next to the broom
She was next to the mop
I fucked your mama so hard
She started to slip, slop
On the street, like, pussy was wet
I fucked your mama on a bet
I lost it
I didn't win
I fucked your mama out, not in
I fucked your mama
Wait, give me a chance
I fucked your mama didn't take her to the dance
I fucked your mama made her feel real bad
I fucked your mama, she's the best I ever had
I compensated, tried to make her
Oops, shit, sorry
Okay
Alright, alright
Yeah, okay
Here, here
Yeah
Alright
This is a long track
You got all the stuff
No, no, no, different beat, different beat
Alright
I blame Jeff tonight
I blame you too
Here we go
Yeah, this is the one
I feel this one
You got lots of time
This one's not gonna end
Yo
Saying nothing but speaking my mind
I fucked your mama like a rabbit
Came up from behind
I put my mouth on her neck
Mounted her inside
I put my Lupine penis in her womb
Where I find my rabbit's firm
Fertilizer rabbit eggs
Made little rabbit babies
That had rabbit legs
And they got eaten in a restaurant
I fucked your mama so hard
She didn't flaunt her meat
On the menu
I fucked your mama
It's not tenuous
Go on, dad
Dad, make it personal
Things that don't deflect
Personal wrap sitting in bed
I got stars on the ceiling
Dancing over my head
Your mama's uncle comes into my room
He puts his hand on my thigh
He says, shh, boom
It's what you should have
But you don't
Shouldn't be a boy or a girl
So I won't do too much
But I'll put my dick in your mouth
I grew up in the south
And this is all fake confession
This is a fake Chinatown session
Make it real, make it real
Trying to force with regression
Maybe it's time for you to actually
Visit the experience of death on stage
And then you could be born from it
Oh, yeah, that'll be a first
Silence
In the room
Hanging weightless
Like in a womb
Just gonna wait for the words to come
I fucked your mama like a finger
Fucked her like a thumb
Hanging out in outer space
Only thinking about class and race
Floating through in the atmosphere
I fucked your mama so hard
Her eye went in her ears
She looked like Sloth from the Goonies
I fucked your mama
She was a roomie of mine
In college
That was my knowledge
To fuck her so hard she'd
Fuck shit
Hold on
Hold it
Lost it
Fuck your mama in the moment
Alright
Wait, wait
Hold it, hold it
Alright
Everybody get those hands up
Get them out
Feel the energy in that
Look out, look out of the corner
Yeah, there's like eight people
This is the best
I don't have to do anything
I'm just gonna sit here and watch you do this
What is this dance?
Feel it
I have a heart attack
This is humanity
Look on it
Accept it
This is what you are underneath
Underneath all your credit cards
And your real estate deals
This is what you look like
Alright
So much more real than I expected
Cosmic journey through the light and dark
Going out to make the truth start
Going past the stars and the planets
I fucked your mama
I gotta pick out a way to end the show
I got nowhere to be
Alright
There's not gonna be any
Space
Time
Lemon
Live
Salt
Pepper
Cow
Heifer
North
South
Mama
Mouth
Eye
Nose
Flower
Rose
Garden
Plant
Mama
Pant
Leg
Dressing room
Pussy
Womb
Gary Busey
Give me a second
It's like the master
Remember the master?
Yeah
Alright
Hold on
Just let it go
Do your little dance again
Mystical sorcerer
Cauldron
Witches
Swords
Fuck your mama
No
Okay
Hold on
Cauldron was a toughie
Cauldron was tough
It doesn't have to rhyme
It doesn't have to rhyme, Jeff
Buzz Aldrin?
He had all kinds
Come on, Jeff
Alright, sorry
Alright
You can take this
So where's Cauldron and Buzz Aldrin?
Mystical
Sorcerer
Cauldron
Moon
Buzz Aldrin
Astronauts
In their space suits
Rocket ships
Fuck your mama so hard
Her tooth came through her upper lips
Came down her throat
Sperm went into her stomach
Formed a big sperm moat
There was a castle in the middle
Fit as a fiddle
Put waffles down there
After they were on the griddle
Said hmmm
Bitch, I just made you a meal
Then I fucked you from behind
How's it feel now
The food's going front
And the dick's going back
Come back to me
For flapjacks at lunch
Fuck you, whole much more bunch
Fuck you
Fuck your mama for lunch
Fuck your mama so hard
I only do it because I want to
Not because it has to
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody
I'd like to thank our guest
Doug Benson
Kumail Nanjiani
and the Kathy Spencer Crittenden
Captain Adam Goldberg
I'm Jeff Davis
Dan, you're going to get him next week
You're going to get him next week
We'll get you next week
Your mayor, Dan Harmon, everybody
Have the courage to
Try something and fail
That's what we learned tonight
It's a weekly show
You can come back
We'll see you in a week
Thank you all
Bye